add v21.2 upgrade doc for cloud (#12181)
cockroachdb/docs: cockroachcloud/upgrade-to-v21.2.md

Approximately 72 hours after the node has been restarted, the upgrade will be automatically finalized. This enables certain [features and performance improvements introduced in v21.2](#respect-temporary-limitations). Finalization also removes the ability to roll back to v21.1, so it's important to monitor your application during this 72-hour window and, if you see unexpected behavior, [roll back the upgrade](#roll-back-the-upgrade) from the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console.
</section>

## Step 4. Prepare to upgrade

 Before starting the upgrade, complete the following steps.

<section class="filter-content" markdown="1" data-scope="single-node">

### Prepare for brief unavailability

Your cluster will be unavailable while its single node is stopped and restarted with v21.2. Prepare your application for this brief downtime, typically a few minutes.

The [**SQL Users**](user-authorization.html#create-a-sql-user) and [**Monitoring**](monitoring-page.html) tabs in the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console will also be disabled during this time.

</section>

### Review breaking changes

> Review the [backward-incompatible changes in v21.2](../releases/v21.2.0.html#backward-incompatible-changes). If any affect your application, make necessary changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review the [backward-incompatible changes in v21.2](../releases/v21.2.0.html#backward-incompatible-changes). If any affect your applications, make the necessary changes before proceeding.
```

<section class="filter-content" markdown="1" data-scope="multi-node">
During rollback, nodes will be reverted to v21.1 one at a time without interrupting the cluster's health and availability.
</section>

<section class="filter-content" markdown="1" data-scope="single-node">
Because your cluster contains a single node, the cluster will be briefly unavailable while the node is stopped and restarted with v21.1. Be sure to [prepare for this brief unavailability](#prepare-for-brief-unavailability) before starting the rollback.
</section>

## Step 7. Complete the upgrade

If everything looks good, you can wait for the upgrade to automatically finalize, or you can manually trigger finalization to lift the [temporary limitations](#respect-temporary-limitations) on the cluster more quickly.

### Finalize the upgrade

The upgrade is automatically finalized after 72 hours. 

To manually finalize the upgrade, click **Finalize** in the banner at the top of the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console, and then click **Finalize upgrade**.

> After finalization, all [temporary limitations](#respect-temporary-limitations) will be lifted, and all v21.2 features are available for use. However, it will no longer be possible to roll back to v21.1. If you see unexpected behavior after the upgrade has been finalized, [contacts support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After finalization, all [temporary limitations](#respect-temporary-limitations) will be lifted, and all v21.2 features are available for use. However, it will no longer be possible to roll back to v21.1. If you see unexpected behavior after the upgrade has been finalized, [contact support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).
```
